Self hosted updates (#5220)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/self-hosting/installation/k8s-helm.md

global:
  host: '<DVC Studio hostname>'
  envVars:
    SELF_HOSTED_LICENSE_KEY: '<License key provided by the Iterative team>'
```

Here, the `SELF_HOSTED_LICENSE_KEY` is needed for Studio to correctly recognize
your license and allow you to create

> [teams]('/doc/studio/user-guide/team-collaboration') in Studio with a number of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[teams](/doc/studio/user-guide/team-collaboration) in Studio with a number of
```
